---
layout: project
title: "MR2AMC"
tagline: 
category: event
tags: 
link: http://mr2amc.midas.iiitd.edu.in/ism/
---
{% include JB/setup %}


MR2AMC is a series of workshops on Multimodal Representation, Retrieval, and Analysis of Multimedia Content organized by the MIDAS lab in IIIT-Delhi. MIDAS stands for Multimodal Digital Media Analysis Lab and it consists a group of researchers who study, analyze, and build different multimedia systems for society leveraging multimodal information. The first iteration of the workshop held in conjunction with the IEEE MIPR conference. The second iteration of the workshop will be held in conjunction with the 20th IEEE International Conference on Multimedia in Taichung, Taiwan. This year's workshop theme is social media. Thus, MR2AMC aims to provide an international forum for researchers in the field of multimedia data processing, analysis, search, mining, and management leveraging multimodal information in social media. This workshop will provide a forum to researchers and practitioners from both academia and industry for original research contributions and practical system design, implementation, and applications of multimodal multimedia information processing, mining, representation, management, and retrieval. MR2AMC 2018 invites research papers in the area of multimodal multimedia content analysis, search and retrieval, semantic computing, and affective computing. Accepted papers of MR2AMC 2018 will be published as part of the workshop proceedings in the IEEE Digital Library. Extended versions of the accepted workshop papers will be invited for publication in [Springer Cognitive Computation][1] and [IEEE Computational Intelligence Magazine][2].

[1]: https://link.springer.com/journal/12559
[2]: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/RecentIssue.jsp?punumber=10207
